because you're responsible for other people. It's automatically gonna
change how you how you work, how you live, what you're thinking about
and how much you travel. Um, you are pretty much accessible all the
time because if someone in your chain of command does something wrong,
you're gonna hear about it, and then you're going to need to elevate
elevate that information when necessary. Uh, how much travel you
do will certainly depend on you know what your responsibilities are?
I've been in situations where I have had to travel much at all in
other situations where I did, um, other times, You know, if you're
if you're getting ready for deployment, you're pretty much all traveling.
So, uh, being a leader doesn't necessarily auto doesn't automatically
mean you're going to do more traveling than not, but it certainly
could lead to that